edb: add note on mysql command in case of skipped verification (#63)
edgelesssys/docs.edgeless.systems: edgelessdb/getting-started/quickstart-azure.md

mysql -h<your-azure-ip> -uroot --ssl-ca edb.pem --ssl-cert cert.pem --ssl-key key.pem
```

> In case you skipped the verification step above, omit `--ssl-ca edb.pem` in the above command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you skipped the [verification step](#verify-your-edgelessdb-instance), omit `--ssl-ca edb.pem` in the `mysql` command.
```
(From the [Google documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/translation#general-dos-and-donts)) Avoid directional language when possible.
